We're to kill the captains with
the Bankai we took from them...
To what end?
Won't Soldats be enough to handle
Soul Reapers
who've been rendered powerless?
There is more to take...
Their hope.
His Majesty predicts that captains
who've lost their Bankai
will use what little time they have
to find ways
to fight without Bankai.
They believe they could defeat us
without Bankai.
And with any luck,
reclaim their stolen Bankai.
The Soul Reapers are clinging to
that outside chance
as their last hope.
Striking down their Zanpakuto
and hopes all at once,
and etching true defeat
into the heart and being
of the Soul Reapers...
That is His Majesty's intention.
Such a disturbing plan.
Sounds fun.
Humph! I plan to kill that Doggy
and anyone else in sight.
I will pass on
His Majesty's orders once more:
"Annihilate the enemy instantly."
Oh, my darling, I don't even know
where my heart has gone
And I've forgotten
that dream I once had
Becoming an adult =
keeping a public face and bluffing?
Tell me, what is reflected
in the painted-over mirror?
Your photo is starting to fade
Leaving me, as I change
I'll shout at the top of my voice
as it pierces through the night
Burning my chest,
formless fear and all
It's okay if I can't laugh
like that day
Sadness, scars, everything...
I want to take them all with me
You can't kill my vibe, oh baby
Burning out now,
like a shooting star
You can't kill my vibe, oh baby
Burning out now,
like a shooting star
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
Captain!
We have an emergency!
RUKON DISTRICT –
EAST 76 DISTRICT, "SAKAHONE"
The Seireitei is...!
Captain Ukitake!
POST INVASION –
FORMER SQUAD 1 BARRACKS
Good grief...
I set some traps
within the Seireitei
figuring that they would
attack again without warning...
but I didn't expect us to lose
our territorial advantage like this.
You will never know.
POST INVASION – THRONE ROOM
A thousand years ago,
we Quincies lost the war and
were left with nowhere else to go.
So we fled from the World of
the Living into the Seireitei,
a place where you Soul Reapers
would least expect us to hide.
We then used Reishi
to create space
within the shadows
of the Seireitei,
and called this Invisible Empire...
the Wandenreich.
POST INVASION –
FORMER DEPARTMENT OF R&D
Damn it!
What's going on?
What the hell is happening?!
The plan was a success.
Unlike the World of the Living,
the Soul Society is filled with
Reishi, our source of power.
The things we could do
were limitless.
We spent a thousand years
building up our strength
from within the shadows.
STERN RITTER "D" –
ASKIN NAKK LE VAAR
In other words, this time,
just as we did before,
we did not invade the Seireitei
by breaking through
the Soul Shield Membrane.
We were already inside
STERN RITTER "B" –
JUGRAM HASCHWALTH
Welcome.
Thanks for the valuable intel.
You got to the captain's room
very quickly.
Our enemy appears blessed
with capable men.
Wandenreich Emperor Aide
and Stern Ritter Grand Master,
Jugram Haschwalth.
13 Court Guard Squad Head Captain
and Squad 1 Captain,
Shunsui Kyoraku.
I've just been appointed,
so you probably didn't know that...
Or does the fact that you came here
mean you do know?
Yes.
That is why I came here first.
How impatient of you.
Don't you want to enjoy the battle
you've been waiting
a thousand years for?
His Majesty loves peace.
He believes the shorter the battle,
the better it is.
Therefore he issued only one order:
"Annihilate the enemy instantly."
I see.
Who are you?
When did you...?
How did you get in here?!
Come on...
Didn't you hear what I just said?
Or is the Department of R&D
intelligent in name only?
I didn't come in from anywhere.
I've been here the entire time.
Exactly.
You Quincies were in the shadows.
Two worlds existing
in the same place,
never coming in contact
with one another.
I must say...
Creating another world
inside the shadows
was pretty absurd.
However...
I actually don't mind
this absurdity.
C-Captain!
What's with that outfit?!
Based on the data I collected
during our last battle,
I was able to surmise
that "shadows"
had something to do with
the Quincy invasion.
That is why I modified
my laboratory
so that no "shadows" were created.
Now, let's find out whether
we're intelligent in name only
before you leave shall we?
POST INVASION – IN FRONT OF
FORMER SQUAD 10 BARRACKS
D-Damn it!
Don't let them get through!
"Don't let them get through"?
Idiots!
The invasion is already complete.
STERN RITTER "H" – BAZZ-B
It's way beyond the point of
letting us through or not.
You guys head to the next target!
– Yes, sir!
Now, then...
Huh?
You're right.
It may be too late to stop you guys
from getting through.
But...
your flames didn't get through.
Oh...?
Wait!
I thought I recognized you.
You're that ice captain that got
his Bankai stolen by Cang Du!
Captain of Squad 10.
Toshiro Hitsugaya.
Stern Ritter "H"!
"The Heat," Bazz-B!
Seems like we're a good match.
A very good match!
It seems so.
POST INVASION –
FORMER OMAEDA MANSION
What's going on?
What happened?
Why did the mansion disappear?!
Big Brother...
Please do not go.
Mareyo is scared.
Please stay here with me.
No. I have to go.
Big Brother...
Mareyo...
You're a smart girl, Mareyo,
so I know you understand.
Your big brother is not leaving you
because I want to scare you.
I am leaving so I can protect you,
Saburo, Big Sister,
Father and Mother,
our neighbors
Gondawara and Kanemitsu,
and most of all, the Seireitei.
That is why I have to go.
You understand, don't you?
Because your big brother
is a member of
the 13 Court Guard Squads.
Come on, don't cry like that.
I will come back safely.
You're...!
The guy who stole
Captain Soi Fon's Bankai!
STERN RITTER "K" – BG9
Fall back
and protect the other areas!
– Yes, ma'am!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
This is some pretty flimsy ice!
Why don't you stop this useless
resistance and beg for mercy!
Is begging for mercy
what the winning side would do?
You're a cocky one, aren't you!
Let me help you.
Thanks, I'll need it.
I still have trouble controlling it
by myself.
What's wrong?
Oh, nothing!
I just thought that losing
your Bankai wasn't all bad.
I mean, it's so cute that
you're relying on me, Captain!
Matsumoto!
Okay, here goes!
Growl, Haineko!
Get ready for
"Operation Mille-feuille"!
I don't recall giving it
such a name!
What's this?
It's just an ordinary ice wall!
Haineko, house!
What's the difference?
I can't melt it...?!
"Operation Mille-feuille"
is a huge success!
What the hell is that?
Because I'm feeling generous,
I'll tell you.
First, I used my Haineko to create
multiple thin walls made of ash.
The Captain then covered them
with a very thin layer of ice.
Then 3... 2... 1...
Meow!
Finally, I turn only Haineko
back into a sword, and...
How beautiful!
A mille-feuille of ice
with vacuum layers!
– Just like a thermos bottle,
– No, it's a multi-vacuum-layered
– the vacuum layer stopped
– wall of ice.
the heat from getting through.
Among all the captain-level
Zanpakuto,
my Hyorinmaru is probably the one
with the least difference between
its Shikai and Bankai powers.
Simply put,
the amount of ice I can produce
is drastically reduced.
To compensate, I trained myself
to fight with less ice.
But it seems to have been
just enough
to block flames of your level.
You bastard!
We just said it won't get through.
Now...
be shredded by
a blade of vacuum-ice.
You've proven that we can go
toe-to-toe with the Quincies
even without Bankai!
What is this?
"Hakudan Keppeki."
It's a barrier that temporarily
shuts out Quincy powers.
Squad 1 Co-Lieutenant Nanao Ise...
Did you develop this Kido?
You seem to know who I am.
My talent with Kido
is the sole reason
I'm appointed lieutenant.
Come on, that's not true...
Creating a Kido like this
is child's play.
It was a mistake to leave traces
of your Spiritual Pressures
all over the Seireitei
during your last invasion.
You were almost asking us
to come up with a countermeasure.
Big Brother!
Mareyo!
Y-Your big brother will be fine...
Go and hide!
Where is your squad's captain?
This is the third time I'm asking.
I am hoping for an answer
this time.
Are you stupid or something?
I really don't know where she is!
Even if you did find out,
my captain isn't going to lose
to someone like you!
So there's no reason to hide her!
You've refused to answer
for the third time.
I'll ask you another way.
Big Brother!
I won't let you lay a scratch
on Mareyo...!
You damn bastard!
I thought Quincies
used bows and arrows...
You're much more advanced
than I had heard.
There was no reading on my sensors.
Did you think the Stealth Force
couldn't hide our own
Spiritual Pressure?
9th Head of the Fon Clan,
Captain of Squad 2,
and Supreme Commander of
the Stealth Force, Soi Fon...
What is that appearance?
"What is this," you ask?
With all that information on me,
you ask what this is?
It's Shunko.
That, I know.
But yours...
...was not perfected
the last time we fought.
Is that it?
So you've perfected that technique
in that short a time?
Mukyu Shunko!
Hmm...
I give up.
You'll take too much time.
It's not happening.
What do you mean by
"take too much time"?
To kill you would require
trying too many scenarios.
I'm fatally bad at doing
that kind of detailed work.
I prefer just getting it over with.
You go and fight someone else.
See you.
Wait, aren't you coming after me?
Not really.
You can go anywhere you want.
I need more time to analyze
your Spiritual Pressure anyway.
Or, are you...
purposely egging me on
because you want me to
step into your territory?
You're a scary one...
I'm glad I didn't give away
my abilities.
This Spiritual Pressure...
Is it Soi Fon?
It would appear so!
She seems to be overwhelming
her enemy without Bankai!
I knew it...
Just as His Majesty predicted.
You understand what that means,
don't you?
If it is as predicted...
it means things are still fatal
for your side.
That Spiritual Pressure...
It appears that Captain Soi Fon
has been successful too.
Captain, shall we go
and assist the other captains?
Whoa, whoa.
Don't give me the cold shoulder.
You're going to leave me here while
we're still feeling each other out?
I haven't even begun to fight!
"Block flames of my level,"
you said.
It's too bad you don't have
your Bankai right now.
I could have shown you
that one finger
would be enough to defeat
your Bankai ice.
It's not going to reach me.
Fall back, Matsumoto!
We need to regroup!
I'll hold him off
with Ryojin Hyoheki!
Yes, sir!
A wall of finely woven ice, huh?
But nothing you do
with your ice will work...
All I need is a finger...
Burner Finger One!
You're still breathing, freak?
I was never breathing
in the first place.
Mukyu Shunko...
You've provided me
very useful data.
But at the same time,
I am disappointed.
If this is all you've got,
I see no need to use
the Bankai I took from you.
Captain!
It'll take more than this...
Damn it...!
I have one more question
to ask you.
Are the other captains able to use
this spell as well?
No.
Rather than perfect the spell
and let that be the end of it,
you should have refined it
so anyone could use it.
If you had done that,
then at least the captains
could have died fighting...
instead of facing such
a one-sided execution.
Hey! Hey!
Don't run away!
Aren't you a captain?!
I told you it won't work!
Huh?
An ice fog now?
It's useless...
Burning Stomp!
What are you doing
standing right in front of me?!
You should've hidden
while the fog was still up
to come up with a plan.
There was no time
to come up with a plan...
but...
I did set a trap.
Huh?
What the hell is this?
Rokui Hyoketsujin!
You're kidding me...?!
Exactly what I was going to say!
Are you trying to make me angry
and use a second finger?!
Burner Finger Two!
That's enough, Bazz-B.
We agreed to leave the captains
who were robbed of their Bankai
to the ones who took them away.
I will finish him off.
It appears two Spiritual Pressures
have disappeared.
Yes.
Captains Soi Fon and Hitsugaya.
As I feared,
I seem to be the only one
able to fight without Bankai.
Hello?
Oh, I got through!
– You...!
– Hi there.
It's me, Urahara.
I've completed the method
to reclaim Bankai.
All at once, the lights went out
Reminding me
with a voice
and I cannot move
Unable to convey even a millimeter
of the lines that I dubbed
All lines
that I don't want to forget
Rewound
Repeated
Became a mark
And I notice the dust
I wait and wait
But it won't start
If it's already ended
I give up
But can I
borrow your shoulder?
With that knife
that was left behind
Pierce it through
Still
in the middle of a dream,
We kept searching
For the scar that
the revolving world remembers
With just the strong desire
to keep on living
We'll choose a tomorrow
that will not return
In just a little while
The final curtain will fall
Shining upon us
The blurred end roll
It begins, but does not end.
Names wither in the silence.
In an abyss of rolling clouds.
Raindrops fill an empty vessel.
Those who are unworthy
to be a vessel
succumb to its weight
as it turns to stone.
It breaks apart
and turns to gravel.
Pounding rain reduces it to dust.
For such a vessel,
there is no way out.
What is... this heaviness...?
But if one does not enter,
there is no path.
Those who are about to perish
call it...
IRAZUSANDO
Irazusando.
"I will spatter your life
on the wall."
"Just like I do with love."